 according to statistics, on the basis of the possession of property, there are 732 persons who have to pay tax for possession of property.
 the implementation of the article is liable to the implementation of the convention into or translated into national legislation.
 during the 1 quarter of 1993, the performance of economic performance during the 1 quarter of 1993 was moderate.
 the department of peacekeeping operations accepted this recommendation and noted that candidates should be included in the recruitment of candidates after the consultation was completed.
 the 1 step of the phase ii methodology calls for the setting up of grades as a basis for the remuneration comparison.
 according to rapid development in china's tourism market, the prices of these tourist attractions may continue to rise.
 as a matter of fact, the current vacancy rate for shopping markets and street market stalls is at the peak of 5 years.
 the situation in peace-keeping is most difficult, as it is expected that significant changes are likely to occur in the annual year.
 it must be taken into account in the form of the intentions of the country.
 a spokesman for the israeli occupation said that the occupying forces had stayed long afterwards.
 some of us are of the view that this action would not be so far out of open and transparent consultation.
 this is useful for member states to understand the complexity of the issues dealt with by the court.
 the association of women's family planning was established in january 1996 and has now become a major non-governmental organization for reproductive health.
 states parties are in the best position to report on the most critical health issues affecting women in the country.
 it exercises the power of a treaty authority, therefore, and in fact, it is a subject of international law.
 although the current activities are still limited, the scale of space activity is expected to be expanded.
 it is therefore necessary to conduct investigations and to expose the facts.
 there is a need for adequate and predictable resources.
 the members of the law should be understood that the international community is the united nations council's decision and action.
 parents are unable to submerge the responsibility of the parents, and their responsibility is entirely pushing the schools and teachers.
 " i am pleased to see the implementation of one country, two systems, and hong kong people enjoy the results.
 the representative of malaysia, speaking on behalf of the group of speakers, will speak on behalf of the group of 21, and another representative of china.
 the government understands that the hos scheme must avoid competing in private property market competition and to maintain the sales of both sales.
 we explore the need to conduct thorough analysis of the united nations controls in close consultation with the countries concerned with the relevant countries.
 in accordance with the provisions in annex i of the basic law, the 2 term chief executive elected a election by a 800 members.
 a person is required to pay at least adequate attention to the installation of the installation of the device.
 it also established an international e-commerce network in the country and conducted in october 1998, the 1 foreign trade electronics were conducted in october 1998.
 the gdp growth rate of the gross domestic product (gdp) increased from 4.9% to 5.9 per cent in real terms.
 he will visit hong kong in october this year after the visit to visit hong kong after the first visit to visit hong kong.
 the government of chile detonated a new nuclear device with the detonation of a new nuclear device by the people's republic of china on 8 june 1996.
 for the reasons stated at paragraph 18 above, the panel finds that military volunteer costs are not compensable.
 the decision should be made by the president of the assembly with regard to the chairmanship of the president of the assembly.
 the problems of long-term problems between the two countries, as well as the government of the republic of belarus and the government of ukraine, have not been able to expeditiously contribute to the organization.
 member of the panel on trade disputes between india and the united states in the world trade organization, india and the united states.
 the warmth of the university of china, mr. suris wong, was a student of the university of surio, who was a new student.
 however, the committee notes that the service of the state was not good.
 article 54 of the constitution referred to the improvement of the educational system for the purpose of establishing the necessary institutions and services.
 a spokesman for the treasury said today (december 30) that they would have to use the internet to register with the banks concerned.
 mr tsang, in conclusion, expressed gratitude to the marine staff of the building corpse, and other relevant others.
 okay, let's continue to look at other news.
 at the same time, there are a number of preconditions for some of these groups to be politically equipped.
 tropical cyclone warning was gradually returned to normal.
 that was partly due to the draft united nations convention on the law of the sea, which was partly attributable to the united nations convention on the law of the sea.
 therefore, we believe that the indonesian authorities are really hopeful to solve these problems.
 the official language of the conference includes english, russian, french, spain, and this year also includes romanian language.
 of the transactions conducted with the local transaction counterparts, accounted for 16 per cent of local financial and local non-financial clients, with respective local financial and non-financing clients.
 " in the long run, we are planning to build more multi-stonels in residential areas of bedspace apartments.
 it is vital that the work of multilateral cooperation is feasible in the future.
 the man then subsequently arrested and sentenced to theft.
 an fatigue was expressed for humanitarian relief in the region.
 the prosecutor has already filed a decision on this matter and the chamber was admitted to france.
 the slow-down in the economies of these economies gives negative effects to the promotion of economic progress and the maintenance of social stability, thus contributing to the deep disturbion of us.
 it's a week, seven days.
 we have entered the world, through the united nations, through the united nations and to south and west.
 thirdly, special emphasis is placed on the implementation of the strategy for the development of the sustainable development strategy.
 the united nations can play a key role in promoting development efforts to promote development efforts in developing countries.
 he said: " i don't know the swords, " he said.
 (15) an international perspective in words and thinking.
 it has been 2 months since the terrorist attacks of 11 september.
 officials of the ministry of agriculture said that china's anti-control and control measures are quite effective in china.
 chile had agreed that the preventive deployment of peace-keeping forces would be stable, and it can prevent a misconduct of violent conflicts.
 however, at this critical juncture, the terrorist union must clearly recognize and recognize the enemy.
 i greatly hope that the administration would be able to start a dialogue with different voices.
 as a spokesman for the african group, one speaker commended the efforts made by unifem to respond to the evaluation proposals.
 the chinese government intends to start a final plan early next year and 13 coal was established throughout the country.
 at the end of the day, this keelung river is a hundred years old, and this is the road of modernization.
 as part of the day-to-day monitoring exercise, the hkma will continue to closely monitor the credit card business in the credit card.
 in our country, arabic is the 2 grand official language.
 university leaders and teachers.
 the credentials of representatives shall be issued by the head of state or government or by the minister for foreign affairs.
 the contents of the contents will be enriched by detailed reports on the social and economic spheres of the public.
 the overwhelming majority of member states demonstrated their tendency to increase the membership of the council, both permanent and permanent members.
 the sale will be sold over six months after the issuance of the special stamps issued.
 the deputy secretary for education and manpower, mr joseph w p wong to visit the visit, was deputy secretary for education and other education officials.
 in 1971, shen-chi's executive director of the hong kong cultural heritage foundation was founded with her love.
 it is not easy to determine the impact of electors and electioneering activities.
 the united nations states of the south pacific states that it intends to react to the nuclear tests carried out by france in the pacific.
 the age is 15 years for 9 months.
 the service fee is $ 20 each. "
 the bulldozers pushed a home, in many cases, and even the residents.
 these actions could be the police, armed forces, security forces, law enforcement officials and humanitarian and peace-keepers and the public.
 in fact, i 'm to belgium is to contact the relevant people in europe.
 currently, rapid changes have taken place on the concept of national sovereignty, national self-determination, national security, and the maintenance of peace.
 such messages are conducive to the real responsibility to identify in space objects.
 at the 1st meeting, on 14 january, a statement was made by the chairman of the joint presidency, sharm ahmed (pakistan).
 the commission affirms the need to strengthen the process of nation-building, to consolidate the institutional framework of the rule of law, democracy and civil society.
 the conference urges the conference on disarmament to agree on a programme of work, including the immediate establishment of such a body.
 the israeli army arrived at the scene and the israeli army arrived at the scene.
 the structure of the language is more tightening, and the content of the content is even greater.
 this continued high prices, not only the people's nervousness, but also attracted the high priority of government officials and experts.
 if he does not speak, he may need to go to a halt, thinking about what i was in mind.
 we won't listen ears to academics who have professional knowledge of those who have professional knowledge of the scholar.
 as the saying goes, " it's not possible to make a mistake. "
 if the largest national party was granted, it is expected that the progress of the democratic party in the new millennium will be accelerated.
 the pre-war trips of former palaces, such as bulls, can't light the lights, such as the hsiu-huan's end.
 people from mainland china are optimistic about the mainland's tourism industry.
 the most common aspect of the existence of the functional jurisdiction is navigational and through the exclusive economic zone of the territorial sea.
 the spokesman advised members of the public to make a report to the police as soon as possible.
 margaret chan officially elected the director-general of the world health organization on november 9 last year and became the first chinese people in the united nations specialized agencies.
 the executive board may wish to take note of the report.
 in accordance with the international covenant, the provisions of the national regulations on extradition are implemented in accordance with international courtesy.
 in advance of the universal declaration of human rights in the general assembly adopted by the general assembly of 10 december 1948, a new era of relations between states.
 the committee commends the human rights of women, in particular to protect women's human rights.
 er, on this, there was no black row in the world.
 the non-discrimination principle has become a constitutional principle.
 we are celebrating the process of a historical process to reach its peak, and the process has been beginning to last until more than two years ago.
 following the opening of the government's government gazette, the number of brows from april climbed to nearly 60000 in november.
 none of the previous cases of the commission or the present case occurred.
 the state party may wish to address the category of issues in the near future.
 the results of the commission's work must be on the basis of its competence and the commission's work.
 the letter of authorized registration must be confirmed by the original school.
 the contract has been signed, the working group and the provision of travel services will be examined in september 2002.
 however, as you know, we are looking for " quality ", and we do not think that " quantity " is not important.
 there is a general agreement in the congo that the international community had no action to end the conflict.
 one of the calls is to assess the damage caused by floods to crops and infrastructure.
 therefore, the government has to advance the two exchanges of hong kong's internal exchanges and clearing houses on the basis of the co-operation of the alliance.
 in the mano river union, the regional office must assist the implementation of confidence-building measures in the implementation of the three ministers in september and october.
 precision of criminal offences and killings, the explosions, and other crimes, such as committing a criminal offence, have increased by 1<unk>3.
 initial enquiries revealed that the bullet was fired by genuine firearms.
 the waiting time for an analysis of the care home for the care homes is generally in three categories.
 this is one of the major causes of aids.
 re-registered ways of life as an example.
 this will ensure that peace and harmony in peace and harmony, together with the joint efforts of the different ethnic groups and cultures in the world.
 on the food price, i do not know what changes to china's weather can be done.
 this will not only enhance the ability of local production to produce film production, " he added.
 i think everyone is understandable, and we are genuinely re-entry in the past 17 years.
 in case of good health, the symptoms of the symptoms are the more minors.
 the coordination of the relevant issues is also appropriate for the work of the relevant united nations bodies.
 in the face of these products, parents can make a much easier choice.
 if once again, the result is a very serious consequence.
 for those vietnamese who cannot be resettled, they will continue their search for voluntary repatriation.
 experience has shown that the new system had been operating well in 1999 and the system had improved.
 at the same time, the moratorium on nuclear testing is crucial for the entry into force of the ctbt.
 article 31 of the basic law provides that hong kong residents have travel and freedom of movement.
 they also considered that this might create a precedent for all types of vessels to be issued prior to all types of vessels.
 right.
 as the government is aware of the problem, he also heard a legal opinion, but the government will never have legal advice.
 at the end of august 1997, there were 34 chinese state-owned enterprises in hong kong, with a total of about $ 700000000 in hong kong.
 to date, the air and landlords of monuc have transported more than 30 tons of aid to goma.
 the committee expressed its appreciation for the introduction of globalization and new technologies for the implementation of the drug law in the 21 century.
 in this approach, the gap between men and women is reflected in the difference between men and women participating in the working life.
 on the other hand, it was not possible to engage in trade in egypt without opening up in 1994.
 madam president, the processions and assembly are actually not a single person's rights and not always have political demands.
 the delay would affect the credibility of the talks.
 more than 146, private sector companies and foundations have increased interest in the interest of the united nations at a global level.
 there are no other comments on the teacher's teacher.
 i am extremely excited.
 there are two types of identity cards, one of which is the israelis who have been naturalized.
 because of the time constraint, i have been unable to perform all the services.
 this is a matter of concern recently that the recent political developments in britain will not help the early settlement of the problem.
 models include the development of physical manual models and reconstructive models, including the development of physical manual models and reconstructive models.
 9 of this growth was the result of changes in currency exchange rates.
 illicit arms transactions are carried out in areas where administrative facilities are removed from control weapons.
 switzerland is in no way tolerated by the swiss financial system of the swiss financial system and will not tolerate them.
 most of the job vacancies are available for graduates of diploma or degree graduates, and monthly salary ranges from $ 8000 to $ 15000.
 the total value of construction work performed by major contractors in the 3 quarter of 1999 shows the attached table.
 with regard to the detailed information on the functioning of the commission, please see the provisions of the financial and capital markets act.
 in the near future, they were in the near future to broadcast these programmes in croatia.
 internal civil society is a great complement and support for the official activities of the commonwealth official.
 in the view of the chinese delegation, the outlook for international nuclear disarmament efforts is being hovered around the crosssection and the future.
 because mr leung has more time and so, it is therefore very good, therefore, i support it.
 in the view of indian indians, the observer for africa and the americas recognized that non-descendants should be recognized as minorities in argentina.
 " in the coming three years, we have conducted a survey of employers in the coming three years to obtain the performance of university graduates.
 we are not clear about the chinese version of the chinese side, and it is very likely that hong kong officials have imagined some excuses.
 the college was held 5 plenary meetings in new york on 21 and 22 may 2001.
 however, the model law establishes the criteria for the conduct of such parties (the name of the signatory, dependent on parties and certification services).
 accordingly, there would be a low rate of attendance for the implementation of the national programme.
 the commission will consider specific topics for consideration of specific topics.
 " the sar is enthusiastically supporting the wto as soon as possible.
 for example, the saharan countries have only one telephone calls in the south of africa in south africa.
 the media must respect the dignity and reputation of the staff.
 the israeli authorities have also closed the rafah crossing between the gaza strip and egypt, each closing time each time.
 due to the speedy speed of the unloading process, the cost of transport has been reduced and the cost of transport has been reduced.
 artifacts, artifacts, artists, artists, artists or learners.
 36. the 2 is the people who absorb the knowledge, technical and technical capacity to come to hong kong for development.
 she wanted to do what can be done, such as radio, television, study, writer pianist, singing, singing, singing and wars.
 talking about the children who talk about taiwan's growth, it is indeed very difficult to do so.
 cost calculations may be based on higher value.
 in fact, the housing department invited me to talk about this, explaining that this was not linked to the redevelopment area.
 a consultant was entrusted with an independent expert advice to encourage consultants to operate in a open and transparent manner.
 i did not have a look at this report.
 (a) the list of companies that are interested in renting the cyberport should be eligible for formal application.
 on movies, hou hsiao-hsien's " pau-hsien ", " says yang te-hsiang, " says yang te-hsien, yang te-hsien, " says yang te-hsiang and alexander.
 the united nations will face a test.
 the director of health, the director of health, said that about four years can be achieved.
 difficult.
 in the department's central institutions, women accounted for more than 50 per cent of existing staff members, of whom 1<unk>3 of managerial posts.
 the court believes that the buyer did not fulfil the obligations of the purchase price.
 the independent human rights association of the region shall have a channel for contacts with the league of arab states.
 it would be the real olympic performance of the 159 member states as drafted by the sponsors of the 1 9 session.
 iraq has been requested to provide a response in the form of a supplementary report by 16 august 2002.
 the sfc has recently made a report on the financial position of hong kong this year.
 in the view of the conference, the competence of the elections is the prerogative of the general assembly, rather than the privileges of the security council.
 for this time, visitors can also make a few words in the modern civilization, which in the modern civilization.
 we set a long-term goal to bring hong kong into a big city in asia.
 at the dinner, the director of social welfare, mr lam cheng-fo, and the fund management committee, presented a new year of $ 80 per $ 80 per $ 80.
 mrs selina chow suggested that the use of the " juvenile police challenge " has been strengthened.
 during overseas markets.
 as regards the amendment moved by the honourable lee cheuk-yan's amendment, i would like to point out that his argument actually falls.
 in shanghai <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>.
 hong kong shipowners are making a commercial decision on the domestic shipowners in the mainland.
 to help the government and people after the eight years of civil war are a priority of the united states.
 according to what he said, history was going to repeat itself.
 the national development framework of the transitional government demonstrated the role of the state in the economic and social roles.
 the committee recommends that the state party consider expanding the terms of reference of the employment bureau to cover all aspects of the relevant racial discrimination.
 this is the driving force behind the peace process in the democratic republic of the congo, and that international support would be invalid.
 industrialization, industrialization, still remains to be done, to reduce tariff and non-tariff barriers.
 the representative of costa rica noted that the delegation had been very active since the delegation became the commission.
 israel is proud of the age-old traditions which israel shared with the whole world as a whole.
 <unk> the director of information services, mrs. chow, will take up the director of information services, on january 7, 2002.
 the dancers of the dancers are packed with flowers in the flowers and then thrown the audience to the audience.
 the situation in the social area of the united nations is most worrying.
 another emergency sent to the hospital, dr. doctors said that the child has already been infected with pockets.
 questionnaires had been delivered to all programme and donor governments, national teams and united nations agencies.
 in addition to introducing the beautiful beauty of the csw, the team brought him to a mirror, but he didn't forget to see how to see it.
 the aim is to exert pressure on 3-party pressure, peace-building, so that ethiopia will no longer war.
 a no. 3 alarm fire occurred today (february 2).
 we plan to introduce the bill into the legislative council in 2004.
 the people of kosovo should not let the people of kosovo should not be allowed to look after them in the future.
 we must not forget that these are public money and absolutely absolutely not to betage.
 on the contrary, there will be a multiplier of local universities in the coming year.
 recently, i have recently attended the population general assembly.
 copies shall be made immediately to the prosecutor or the person to submit copies of these written statements.
 qin chin chin-sheng, who arrived in the 1 station on may 5, arrived at the 1 point in xian, and will meet in beijing and hu jintao.
 the committee further noted that additional information was provided during the consideration of the report and the mission provided additional information.
 norther county of north korea, north of north korea, a major train bombing accident on the 12.
 the activities of the special rapporteur also include representatives of civil society, non-governmental organizations, lawyers and journalists.
 today's use of tactics and speech encouraged the people of hong kong and i really dare not agree with it.
 however, international trafficking in human beings also covers other areas, including the wearing industry, agriculture and construction industry.
 i do not have a belief in my own, but i have often heard religious admiration.
 therefore, before the establishment of the sar government, it is feared that only the chinese government will be eligible for the future sar government.
 we have to assess the impact of elections to the administration and the legislative council, " he said.
 okay, thank you, mr. qiu zhenhai.
 in fact, we have already partially implemented some of its provisions, particularly in relation to mine-clearance activities.
 he further noted that the volume of trade in latin america was 12 per cent annually.
 the number of unemployed persons decreased to 1.30000 and four years for the first time in four years.
 in 2004, the import and export bank of the united states provides funding for us$ 1800000000 of us$ 1800000000 in the world markets.
 the two informal ministerial meeting will be held on wednesday and 6 june.
 at present, the government is considering the possibility of adopting legal action on the issue of pollution of the old sites in the old site.
 36 posts were proposed for the establishment of 36 posts, while 18 posts were incurred by the support account for the regular budget payments.
 in taiwan, he has made " 3 road " to the government of chen shui-bian's " new middle route ".
 right, on a double-edged sword, we are here a table, eh.
 in addition, transport department (td) has increased the number of land-buss and take-offs at the current police service, which is 8 to 12.
 as for political and religious freedom, not only was written in the constitution but also in other documents.
 i wish to draw the attention of council members to the high level of external debt in the central african republic.
 for the end of the meeting, the meeting was opened at 0.09:30 p.m., at a site of the us congress building 215 room.
 the records shall have to be extended to 3 years after the end of the last year.
 in china there has been a reduction of 2 billion people.
 the masses of bangkok are being prepared to cross the night before the wto centre in bangkok.
 we fully support the similar statement made by the secretary-general and other united nations representatives.
 during the period, taxis at the urban taxis can pick up and pick up the car park near ming yin road round.
 the transfer of conventional arms transfers is transparent and transparent.
 the latest figures show that a number of local employers continued to be streamlined by the mode of economic growth and the uncertainty in business prospects.
 it needs a social consensus. "
 such punishment applies only to citizens of the czech republic, but not those who have been granted refugee status.
 when i was a little child, i was a very serious matter. i am a very serious matter.
 the commission on human rights and the rights of the people of africa also participated in international seminars.
 the process of gender disparities and inequality affects the outstanding process of the cumulative process of the cumulative process.
 according to the biosafe engineering center and the environmental protection agency's conservative estimate, these technological application potentials could reach several billion us dollars.
 the government today (december 22) announced the appointment of 12 members to the labour advisory board (lab) for a term of two years starting from january next year.
 particular concern is the elderly.
 " the east asian region has all along been able to build up financial surpluses and should be strengthened. "
 swd has contacted chen autumn and providing psychological counselling.
 the cost of accommodation for the country is a maximum of 80 per cent.
 these developments further exacerbate strategic changes in the post-cold-war era.
 there appears to be some difficulties in determining the number of refugees in west timor.
 these people have already been exhausted, and resources have been exhausted.
 it was also agreed that all foreign forces, whether to be invited, should be withdrawn from the democratic republic of the congo.
 with regard to improving the recruitment of police recruitment, salary salaries, training and management of the police, also applies to officers of prison guards.
 " it also found that the loading capacity of the bridge is sufficient to meet traffic, public utility facilities and other loads.
 the concept of common heritage has now been incorporated or was reflected in some international conventions.
 the buildings department of the ministry of home affairs and cabinet buildings have come to the floor.
 it is envisaged that all helicopters were deployed before the 1 round of balloting.
 we wish hong kong forever.
 for a long time, a number of manufacturing industries in hong kong have been the main cause of economic development.
 we therefore stressed the obligation of the nuclear powers to conclude obligations under the comprehensive test-ban treaty (ctbt) between the nuclear powers to the end of 1996.
 by contrast, the largest internet service providers in the united states has only maintained a network of a network of 20 users.
 since the reform and opening of the reforms, the nation's small and medium-sized enterprises have made significant contributions to achieve common wealth, social stability.
 in my country, because of the warming of warming and warming of warming, the clima will be able to reach a long time.
 i hope that in the process of today's meeting, the secretary-general will be grateful to the general assembly hall.
 <unk> there is no provision in the provision of the guardianship of the guardianship of the guardian.
 for example, the agreed measures included measures to implement a uniform travel document for the countries of the region.
 as a saying goes, there is a saying that my friend is truly friends.
 mr howard young: mr president, the problem of workers ' unemployment, employment and employment difficulties have been plagued for some time now.
 " even if they have entered the internal channel, they should not give up the " live drama ".
 otherwise, the draft articles will lose its practical role.
 as a result, the average inflation rate of last year has been dissolved.
 i do not want to imagine what the veterinary academy of veterinary college graduates in hong kong can enjoy the rights of drugs and antibiotics.
 the current age of the greek cypriots is 66.
 the previous weekend, the economic experts of the company were also presented with the same week.
 it would also enable more public to know that cultural diversity and maintaining such a diversity of diversity and interests in this area.
 in view of the large number of applications, the government is considering whether there is a need to increase the quota of loans.
 the above-mentioned seizure assets were carried out on the basis of the code of criminal procedure and was carried out by the judges.
 judging from this, it is the only way that students die as a matter of necessity.
 the patients with basic medical medical supplies were provided on the basis of a standard drug-care facility in unrwa.
 the land reform scheme does not simply redistribution of land.
 in the light of this theme, the meeting was attempting to remind people that there are ones 20 minutes to be killed by anti-personnel mines.
 then there were several handicaps that can be purchased in the proximity of the neighbouring sens.
 motorists are advised to follow the traffic direction and observe the conduct of police officers.
 as a result of this conclusion, it was astonishing that the legal adviser had previously been reconstructed by an inappropriate conduct of the defence counsel.
 with the assistance of ilo, the government of benin is considering expanding the possibility of expanding the existing social security system or individuals.
 the amputation of the amputated amputation of their lives, which affects their lives, work and normal life.
 in 2001, the european union, japan, the united states and a number of developing countries declined simultaneously.
 after the implementation of the scheme, many colleagues expect that many colleagues will first put on lifelong learning.
 he was reportedly hiding in his father's proposal after his father made a written complaint after his father made a written complaint.
 other narcotics officers also arrested a 40-year-old man in the vicinity.
 in fact, the only place to increase employment opportunities for low-skilled skills is the low-level service sector.
 this project indicates that the small corporate funding approach is based on previous policy experience and performance of the previous policies of credit.
 mrs miriam lau, claimed to be the " charter for youth " was the " charter for youth. "
 the three culprits arrested for conspiracy to demise the amount of the woman.
 they should be open on the basis of monetary, finance, trade and other macroeconomic policies, and adopt a gradual and effective market.
 from the international moral and international levels of international law, it is not possible to support the united states-british war against iraq.
 the real development concept should contain full respect for all universal generally accepted human rights.
 state practice has shown that the length of time for the persons concerned is very short and varied considerably.
 the islamic state of afghanistan awaited the islamic state of afghanistan that it was able to review the agenda of the security council, which would also be re-examined.
 countries have realized a large number of people living in poverty, although the asian economic crisis has caused setback.
 as a result, there are no funds for poor countries that are poor.
 acknowledge the role of neighbouring countries in the area of security and economic spheres.
 " the security council is deeply concerned at the deterioration in the situation in and around the republic of croatia.
 in view of the return of warmer weather, the nine temporary cold shelters operated by the home affairs department were closed at 4.30 pm today (february 5).
 to this end, they should be committed to achieving the goals of multi- generations.
 giffi found that development, manufacture and sales of human beings and the sale of animals, and many of the world's famous consumer goods.
 since then, veterinary technicians also attended a review of the chickens and confirmed that all chickens were not infected with avian flu.
 the secretariat analyses many missions ' investigation data and verify the recommended self-sustaining ratio.
 if the floods in the new territories north new territories are to be fully resolved, we must implement the shenzhen river project.
 capitalist capital, which is no legal and ethical, often created drug trafficking, organized crime and corruption.
 during the first work of the queen's work, chen was trying to work with the wall.
 one-way service between the two places will be shortened to 40 minutes from the present hour at present.
 the report describes the deterioration of the worsening of the economic situation in the palestinian territories.
 <unk> do not have any cash or valuable property.
 at least 17 persons were shot and 38 people were burned alive.
 in working with international human rights service, the working group, in collaboration with international human rights service, was addressing these issues in 1997.
 the 28 immigration investigators conducted 7 targeted units at sham shui po in sham shui po.
 accordingly, the contracting authority may wish to consider the possibility of controlling the necessary measures to control.
 the developed and developing countries, as well as economic restructuring and countries with economies in transition, are particularly significant in developing countries.
 according to the same sources, more than 800 persons were killed by the nepalese communist party (maisterist) in the fight against the police.
 under the same law, " in accordance with the existing legislation, " in accordance with the existing legislation, the law is liable to legal liability.
 mr president, there will be a complete solution to the problem of garbage in jordan.
 during the 1990s, over 2 million children were killed in armed conflict, and more than 6 million left permanent disability or serious injuries.
 this will help the development of eco-tourism. "
 in essence, this is a visible commitment to the government in the north-west.
 if the homes have not been able to make improvements or effect, the department will give a warning letter to the social welfare department.
 the proliferation of hiv <unk> aids in our region is also a source of concern.
 in addition, we are once again one of the most competitive economies in the world.
 the highways department today (july 20) signed a contract of $ 680000000 worth of construction contracts worth $ 680000000.
 to check the laws of hong kong, i refer to the laws of 382.
 thirdly, there are practical cooperation in the field of non-traditional security.
 between june and august this year and august this year, the majority of the major industry unemployment and underemployment conditions remained stable.
 it is not easy to think, but if we have a quota system, people with disabilities will be able to absorb the market.
 in addition, australia is actively involved in the negotiation of the international convention for the suppression of the financing of terrorism.
 the regulation, together with the operation of the factories and industrial undertakings (the noise noise) regulation, will be able to promote the protection of the scheme.
 the letter is not willing to improve the confidence of the united kingdom and the libyan arab jamahiriya.
 we firmly believe, however, that the secretary-generals report contains the right framework for the united nations in the future of east timor.
 in some parts of the world, the absolute number of people in poverty and the relative increase is growing.
 we look forward to working with the industry in this area. "
 the state party submits that the same reason should apply to the present case.
 he was informed that the causes of the darfur conflict were the interceptional disputes between herds and the crops of crops farming.
 the amendment has also been reserved for public facilities for the future development of community facilities, such as fire services and open space development.
 otherwise, the international community may have no choice but to escape from liberia.
 the details of the new education fund will also provide assistance for people with the language proficiency.
 when chen chin-shek sits on the cold weather and from time to time, there were waves of waves of waves of waves and braves.
 in fact, for the jurisdiction of the garrison law, the proposal of the garrison law is the same as the current practice of british forces.
 the spokesman pointed out that the purpose of establishing a resource centre for the establishment of the judiciary is not incentives to defend themselves.
 the chairman of the joint conference, mr tones, said the discussion was very useful and will take follow-up actions.
 we will also prepare for the review of the relevant district boards in the 2003 elections.
 vehicles located at 1 avenue of the 1 avenue are restricted solely to the vehicle for the permanent representative of the permanent representative.
 in the face of the pressure of the village, 320000 trees used for three years, and more than 320000 trees used for three years.
 the land reform institute of the land reform institute was created as a executing agency for the land transfer plan, which is a result of the peace agreements.
 according to the information provided, the advisory committee did not object to such posts.
 anyone who is relatives or information on the girl child is urged to call the mong kok police station at 2398 6299.
 in 1997, the institute had designated an official card card agency in order to implement improved quality and improve productivity programmes.
 this morning, we are not small and i want to focus on two issues in my speech.
 to this end, attaching importance to education, increasing awareness of education is the means and means to promote social development in developing countries.
 the ruf is not the army, and it is certainly not the conductor of the factions.
 the field asset control system is a series of audits designed to provide a series of audits to the united nations assets, namely, at the end of the initial procurement time.
 but it is not possible.
 for reasons of security, these substances must not be explosives, non-competitive, non-competitive, unsecurable, unsecurable, non-speciality and chemical reaction.
 the offence of treason was in the common law system.
 worse still, the threat of devastation resulting from the existence of nuclear weapons seemed to have rooted in the minds of many people.
 the village people were all scared.
 the armed conflict in the darfur region started in february last year.
 the right of non-discrimination is a part of the international protection of human rights, particularly in respect of respect for the multi-cultural system.
 the commission's procedure is confidential, in accordance with the relevant rules, any document or addresses shall not be leaked.
 however, as the economy gradually recovers, it is believed that the ranks of hong kong will pick up in future.
 the choice is to choose whether or not the contract would be contracted.
 it will be a challenge for the long-term and long term, but for the long term, this will be a challenge.
 they tend to dissipate.
 at that time, governor patten was busy with the holding of the conservative party elections.
 asianet daily summary-press releases distributed to a summary of 16 november 2001.
 however, it may be disappointed that so far, only one accused has been sent to the court for trial.
 in order to avoid conflict, the role of the council must be coordinated with the court with the role of the court.
 the loss of life and the loss of children, in particular children, has always been saddened to go beyond the boundaries and religious boundaries.
 the snack seized during the operation included $ 50000.
 in recent years the world economy has undergone rapid change.
 these guidelines are on the website of the buildings department, and are already distributed to all management companies and owners ' corporations.
 they were of the view that they have been described as technology technology and i couldn't be theory.
 despite the request of the member states, the progress of its progress is being hampered by the fact that the progress of the resources is being made.
 at 3 p.m. local time at 3 p.m. local time, a car bomb was exploded in the vicinity of the mahaniyah market.
 senior officials who attended the session were granted special permits to the united nations security and safety service.
 the latest maps of the latest map and the availability of news files are quickly transmitted to aid agencies.
 the programme provides a total of 15000000 civil service services, including students, men, women and children without discrimination.
 however, the united nations peacekeeping force and other united nations bodies have carried out mine-clearance activities in carrying out its mandate.
 the royal cambodian kingdom has provided legal protection to cambodians with hiv <unk> aids and to protect the human rights of these people.
 again, once again, the housing department has to check with the housing department for further examination.
 drop-out rates in secondary schools are still higher than for boys, secondary and university levels, and males still hold their dominant position.
 both anti-and bian-china and bian bian-bian people hold down, and there is a violent clash.
 there is no difficulty in setting up and entering such private schools.
 he had imagined that her decision had changed her decision.
 when the motorists have accumulated 8 minutes, the warning letters will be received by the transport department.
 in the united states, it is, er, that he, er, er, it is in the us.
 president of the environmental capital cooperation agency<unk> senior adviser to the president of the world bank.
 if the senior officials are interested in investing in business, they will not be able to do business.
 consideration should also be given to changes in the international system for changes in the international system, particularly globalization and new technologies.
 it was not possible to say, you certainly see it.
 proposals have been proposed to abolish the annual quotas on the united states market.
 however, in the longer term, the government still intends to openly recruit candidates.
 other 3 children have been released, but the 2 day had to be reported to the gendarmerie.
 mr. park, for the modernization of hong kong special administrative region's trademark legislation.
 the more of our voters cast their votes, of course our 1 legislature will be representative.
 the approximately 400 kilometres of ballistic missiles can be approximately 13 minutes flying within 13 minutes.
 if the spirit of his spirit is not enough, it is believed that it would be more relatively few.
 it is clear that such an approach is an administrative role.
 the armed attack was accompanied by an ethnic cleansing movement against the turkish cypriot community in december 1963.
 the delegation of argentina proposed that a model should also include model numbers.
 " we are liaising with the canadian authorities for details of the case, " the spokesman said.
 the chinese delegation wishes to express its appreciation for the work of this subject.
 no one went to him.
 with regard to the elimination of marriages, she asked whether the causes of segregation had been identified to identify the causes of splitment causes.
 the fact is that the earth is even worse than one year ago.
 the government today (april 20) announced the appointment of the commission on innovation and technology for the members of the commission and the special advisers.
 he will carry out major reforms in the securities and futures markets and strengthen the supervision of the banking sector.
 thus, the attention of the non-governmental organizations and other important groups has encouraged non-governmental organizations and other important groups to participate in all levels of activities.
 the delegation said that the majority of them were caused by external forces, without controlling groups and individuals.
 " the achievement of these achievements has been selfless dedication and constant effort, " the spokesman said.
 the prize presentation ceremony will be held in january next year.
 in order to improve the standard of living of children and to improve services, parents have to pay some costs in accordance with household income.
 there is, however, a need to make further efforts to facilitate the outcome of the campaign to facilitate the outcome of the national authorities.
 those responsible for such criminal acts could not be allowed to be granted, subsidized, dismissed or in other ways.
 on july 26, july 26, he saw a security guard to catch two burglary suspects.
 in the view of the council, he and other perpetrators must be accountable for their actions.
 with the traditional business environment, the marketing officer can take care of the customers with practical contact or liaison.
 article 54 of the constitution states that expatriates in the territory shall be enjoying the same protection with haiti.
 a three-year period of time for the member states of the european union would allow for a three-year period to be held on 6 june 2000.
 it is a pfp that the pfp has a press conference immediately put on a press conference.
 it reaffirms the importance of the treaty on the limitation of anti-ballistic missile systems.
 the performance of the developed countries in the region remains weak by the japanese economy.
 other people, such as their own efforts, are not used, and it is unrealistic.
 because of the hard hard hard and hard toughness of the dust carcasses, a lot of wooden boards have been put in place.
 in the past six years, the fishery industry has failed to develop the plant.
 although the international community has issued its condemnation by the international community, the security council has adopted numerous resolutions, a multi-ethnic, multicultural and multi-religious society.
 the hkma will carry out regulatory activities in accordance with the regulatory framework for the licensee of the sfc.
 the dust return dust returns for the first time to come back for the first time.
 we want to see the real universal universal nature of the university of peace.
 it is estimated that the population estimates and projections are important parameters for projections and research for private and commercial organizations.
 several years ago, they were invited to attend the lunar new year lunar new year.
 the united states government acknowledged that the cuban diplomatic bank should enjoy diplomatic immunity.
 2, the rule of adjudication should be paid on the basis of the category of compulsory adjudication.
 among the competitions, the students had to cope with accidents, such as power cuts, the cut-offs, networking, networking and passion.
 we are now considering the views of the industry and the implementation of proposals.
 the staff of the board also visited undcp in the field offices of thailand and china.
 the bill does not have any particular reference to the use of such affiliation as a matter of concealing loans to one or a company.
 but it's strange that chinese people will avoid their own surname, but it's the same.
 the department of health (dh) has provided health education to members of the patient and disinfection at his home.
 we are now very concerned about the issue of post-conflict peace-building.
 the representative of non-governmental organizations also suggested that the high commissioner should take the initiative to ask the special rapporteur's recommendations.
 when focusing on the taking of action, we refuse to let the stay in a single aspect.
 we are watching the process of addressing the question of palestine in the middle east question.
 if members of the council agree, i will do so.
 these include the promotion of the threat of the concept of sovereignty and the promotion of technology.
 maintaining the world security and peace cannot be left out of the development efforts of the international community.
 the state of emergency in lima district was renewed on 15 december, at a time of 15 december.
 after the occupation of mazar-e-sharif, the authorities started to transfer the prisoners of prisoners to other detention sites.
 the missile characters make them very suitable for threats, deterrence, coercion, coercion, self-defence and reprisals.
 it has been the government's policy to adopt a platform for the use of software products as the platform for application of the applications system.
 in addition, a total of 106 private child care centres have been maintained at 106 during the 177 private child care centres.
 after that incident, both parties have taken military action, but there was no major change in the front line.
 in addition, the general assembly also designs a number of novel games, testifying and innovative.
 however, there will be some immediate immediate danger, but the relevant departments will take immediate action.
 the commission can draw a new image with the recent images of the commission's database and the recent images of the commission's database.
 a 10 per cent vacancy rate consists of a 10 per cent vacancy factor.
 the use of land from coal to natural gas will reduce sulphur use in sulphur dioxide, nitrogen and carbon dioxide.
 works will start early next year and are expected to be completed in early 2001.
 in the manufacturing sector, large institutional units refers to the establishment of a total of 100 or more persons employed in other sectors and 50 or more.
 in accordance with section 2 of the criminal code, section 23, section 23 of the sweden code, the penalty for the preparation or conspiracy is a maximum limit of the maximum penalty.
 by adopting resolution 56<unk>82, the general assembly had recently adopted resolution 56<unk>82, except for east timor.
 mr. wang (china) (interpretation from chinese): on 23 july, the esteemed moroccan king hassan ii died of illness.
 on 14 february, the government of rwanda informed the rwanda operation mission, and the other 5 suspects were arrested.
 among these, three are implemented by non-governmental organizations and the remaining 19 were organised by swd.
 in conclusion, i would like to mention two spanish special concerns.
 unauthorised motor vehicles would be unconscionable.
 secondly, small and medium-sized enterprises (smes " smes ") have insufficient capacity to use it.
 8 days after the day, meina's 280s are 280.
 more than 2,000 basins africa will be on display from december 13 to 16, easter and hong kong parks.
 the survey will provide a reliable, up-to-date information on the living standards of the territory, particularly in poverty.
 one of the hot hotspots of the sony corporation is that nice's introduction of a new generation of game aircraft launched this year.
 the abolition of the death penalty in 1993 is precisely the trend of the world respect for human rights.
 it is also known that a lot of fents are also effective, and the other illnesses are also very effective.
 the head of the 15 catholics and international charity organizations, and many of his staff, were reportedly executed in dili.
 in particular, he made a revised amendment in 1999 to empowering more investigative powers and the independence of competition management.
 the secretary of the ministry of foreign affairs of japan, japan and south korea, was held in beijing.
 he will deliver a keynote address at the luncheon meeting jointly organised by the hong kong trade development council and the association of employers.
 if one takes into account the interests of each other, the international community could cooperate together.
 the ministry of finance was submitted a response to the procedural order on 19 january 2001.
 " the primary goal of the government is to stabilize the property market, and the property market will not be large. "
 mr lau ping-cheung just now said that, if the application is to apply, it would be useful to inform it.
 the sponsor delegation stated that the legal framework could be found in the charter articles 10 to articles 14 and 22 of the charter.
 in any event, countries possessing stockpile must begin to gather data on its storage and production record.
 it should be noted that the data contained in these tables are available from the relevant agencies.
 i remember that some people use a lot of such words as " vested interests ".
 i believe many will not agree with this view, but in principle, we oppose the levy of land departure tax.
 according to the contract, the issue of transport <unk> transport matters must be agreed upon with all the owners of the local forests.
 the angolan armed forces also captured the sawa in southern taiwan in the southern part of savala and continues to attack in the south-eastern part of the country.
 if we decide to extend the project, we intend to continue to demonstrate the impact of the labour shortage affected by labour shortage.
 as a result of the floating train vehicles in germany, they speed speed quickly quickly, the price of $ 8000000000.
 the court received an embroidery of the government of the people's republic of china received in 2001.
 the division is still under consideration by the division, and needs to be considered by a level-by-level consideration and approval.
 police will take special arrangements on hong kong island to facilitate the public interest in the community chest.
 the private universities also offer relief to the students ' financial circumstances.
 improving our relations with egypt and egypt, as well as the restoration of multilateral negotiations, is essential for furthering the common goal of our region.
 his strong strength was strong and powerful, but he was fully confident, and he had to seize the disease.
 some police officers have been consulted by the police officers.
 although the results showed that it was not fit for me to obtain pharmaceutical uses by a german company.
 it welcomes the ratification of ukraine as a non-nuclear-weapon state to the treaty on the non-proliferation of nuclear weapons.
 israel has also continued to open up the opening of the tunnel between the al-qaqsa mosque in al-qaqsa mosque.
 in fact, after the spring festival holiday this year, the travel industry council has not received any complaints from visitors.
 " i am sure you will become an important asset in both places, " the spokesman said.
 he then said.
 the ministry of defence has carried out the depreciation of the latter.
 so, if you are concerned about the rights of the demonstrations, we should not let ourselves be relaxed.
 immediately on the private car, the private car had immediately fled the site along sha tau kok street.
 although the evidence is substantiated, they are still in the defence, saying that they have no " change ".
 governments have taken a variety of approaches to controlling these monopolies.
 however, it must be pointed out that, with their respective roles and mandates, they are directly compared to the performance of the institutions.
 i am confident that not only affects today, it will affect the future.
 the political hypothetical hypothetical of environmental issues, even when reference was made to the development of the development of development as usual.
 " our immunization system is like the army, which can resist the bacteria.
 the number of citizens and voters is very high.
 this led to the decline in groundwater in the gaza strip and led to salt water from sea to east.
 i believe that this week, in this assembly, of this week, is of great importance to our common defeat.
 i am also grateful to the secretary-general and appreciate the appreciation of the secretary-general for his consideration of today's report.
 we need to discharge this international responsibility. "
 argentina, for its part, was able to rebuild democracy through decades of decades.
 west gates only put her many legends in the world.
 what we are very familiar with the roots of what we are familiar is is an important factor.
 as a matter of fact, it is an important part of the involvement of the united nations in the oceans.
 in history, there were no other children who have died after death.
 the " peaceful flaw " is our entire continent and has brought brightness to the minds of peoples. "
 as the chairman of the newly established advisory committee, i decided to build on the good foundation for the ad hoc committee.
 otherwise, sanctions may well be a means of imposing punishment, and the aspirations of the entire international community for the implementation of sanctions.
 in recent years, cocaine seizures in recent years have been low, in 2000 reports seized 913 kg cocaine.
 to that end, pakistan supported the mexican proposal that the united nations bodies seriously consider the request of the international court of justice by taking serious consideration.
 the mandatory provident fund schemes authority (mpf) has issued detailed arrangements for the establishment and operation of the industry schemes.
 he then was then taken away by a police vehicle under a police van. he was once pushed from the car.
 on the environment, the international efforts of the nature of nature should be undertaken in more effective and more substantive ways.
 the secretary-general has put forward the direction of the united nations.
 it is also important to define explicitly the user-friendly user, and evaluate the results of the work.
 mr chan kam-lam said that his speech is more than my short, but i may still have a short time.
 lithuania attaches great importance to the role of the other international forum on the issue of terrorism.
 the court of appeal of the supreme court of the united states tried to overlook the summary judgement of the district court.
 in this connection, the 30000 displaced persons in the southern part of the equateur region of katanga province and in katanga province have been deprived of assistance.
 because of the fighting and air strikes in kabul, some international organizations were forced to go to the city.
 in response to the current economic situation, we urge the government to consider the feasibility of reducing the cost of pre-employment training. "
 at most, i can only say that the government is not going to do so.
 the current operating budget for the current period is: unhcr is less than $ 40 per year.
 a 10-year-old payment of 10 per cent shall be provided to offset the floating of the exchange rate.
 the premier and his wife were in line with his wife.
 the ministerial conference of the world trade ministerial conference will be convened in seattle, which can be an appropriate forum.
 mr tien said that, on the 1 issue, the scolar recommended that the basic skills of primary and secondary schools should be tailored to primary and secondary schools.
 it is not, therefore, unwise to reject a more rich and more diverse expression of expression.
 the picture is periodically received and the 7-vote images of mete-6 and 7.
 any person affected by the amendments may submit his written objection to the secretary of the town planning board or before february 24 this year.
 as to the specific contents of these two ordinances, the hkpa is basically supportive.
 on the contrary, ecuador's imports of imports went up, climbing up to 2<unk>3 and colombian's 2<unk>3 of growth.
 the recent example is the contention of the integrity of mr lo's integrity in sha lo tung which involves the integrity of country parks.
 the content of the list of projects envisaged is contained in article 11 of the model procurement law.
 the chairman of the hong kong surveyors ' association of hong kong surveyors will give a keynote address to the workshop.
 12 young persons arrested in the operation of the operation were released on bail pending further investigations.
 the issue is frequently informed of the ministry of foreign affairs of israel, but currently no progress has been made at present.
 the regional security system has expanded its capacity to collect information on counter-terrorism activities in the east caribbean region.
 she would also like to know how to select non-governmental organizations, they provide what information and the use of such information.
 in order to safeguard the interests of consumers, i would like to put forward this motion debate.
 turkey supported the director-general's policy to encourage policy-making, but the host country should provide financial contributions or inkind contributions.
 however, 15 different countries were footwear of oil.
 legal assistance is provided pursuant to the procedures provided for in accordance with the rules of the treaty.
 these realities must be addressed in order to ensure the return of the remaining 70000, or at least those of them.
 there is no change in the list of states that are punishable, and the victims continue to be the elderly, women and children.
 hon lee cheuk-yan will move an amendment to hon tam yiu-chung's motion.
 as to the underemployment rate, the decline was also seen in the construction, transport, transport and industry sectors.
 in view of the budgetary constraints, there are some restrictions on the cost and expenditure of a lawyer.
 this must be an exception to the time-of-the-art measures to avoid becoming a punishment for too long.
 as for every time, these places are filled with parents and parents of the small and children's parents.
 the banks do not want that one another thing is the government directing banks to handle its business.
 programme enquiries can be made at 246119<unk> please call 2734 900.
 as a result, the taiwan strait can take a look at a unit.
 article 190 to 2001 of the georgian penal code provides procedures for the seizure of assets (the bank accounts).
 " apart from the charging case, we also consider the need to expand the training and traffic aspects, " he said.
 since the establishment of the united nations for 50 years, albania has been one of the most gratifying dictatorships of the continent.
 we are not in favour of adopting pressure in the process of resolving the north korea nuclear issue.
 then, you would ask what i do not <unk>
 he was allegedly detained a few days later.
 investigations by accident investigation team, traffic, hong kong island, are proceeding.
 finland will participate actively in the efforts of the conference, adopting a global and effective treaty to combat anti-personnel landmines.
 in addition, consideration should be given to the international system of the international system in accordance with article 13 to 18.
 1970-counsellor at the embassy of embassy minister of soviet embassy in 1975.
 a code of code of ethic codes should be enacted on the legal activities of conflict areas.
 preconditions should be the subject of equitable, non-discrimination and objective.
 the answer is yes.
 all arrangements are not available for sale in the home ownership scheme, the spokesman added.
 during the same period, the number of births in hong kong was 5300 births, compared to 32000 deaths.
 however, i have said that it reflects the fact that this issue reflects a reflection of the historical and people's history of the balkans.
 when we talk about the future of hong kong, the chinese leaders say: " the chinese government can do so. "
 more than any other groups, they need the attention and attention of the family, social and government.
 it was reported that the food, which had been exported by polluted areas, had been used elsewhere.
 with regard to the choice of children, luxembourg was reserved for the ratification of this convention.
 they also discussed and agreed to prevent arms flows to the country.
 from the short-term perspective, the government should discuss with the industry and listen to their views.
 i would like to think about a few young boy. i also wanted to go to the tens of thousands of victims over the past 10 years.
 ni kuang talked about a woman's all copyrights.
 the overall plan focused on assisting girls and women to raise self-esteem.
 he strongly reaffirmed the determination of the authorities and palau to maintain the environment and culture of palau.
 on july 17, 1928, c <unk> c <unk> c c <unk> c c c <unk> c c <unk> c c <unk> c c <unk> c c <unk> c <unk> <unk> c <unk> c <unk> <unk> c <unk> <unk> c <unk> <unk> c <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
 in the area of fostering chickens, a staff member with a variety of logos and the refrigeration of western chickens, is also re-assured to the development of the fishery.
 the advisory committee requested a copy of the memorandum of understanding that has been made available to the advisory committee.
 in this context, the committee endeavours to understand the full of the hidden acts in iraq.
 the special rapporteur undertook a visit to rwanda.
 those who have lost their combat.
 the unencumbered balance of the unencumbered balance was due primarily to the termination of the force.
 furthermore, as a member of the international donor countries, we will continue to contribute to the palestinians directly.
 activities in the field of remote sensing of the satellite remote sensing areas should be strengthened.
 according to the basic law, all permanent residents of the hong kong special administrative region are eligible for election and vote.
 40 enterprises in the industry have received loans from $ 216000 during the reporting period, creating or rescued 79.
 in early june, members of the council participated in the drafting of the nuclear tests conducted by india and pakistan in may.
 i take this opportunity to thank the country, international organizations and the united nations themselves to continue to provide assistance to our country.
 we have to persuade entrepreneurship to understand their deficiencies and to face their help.
 after a few months later, this storm has brought about a very painful period of painful adjustment.
 uh, the lamma lamp was also closed.
 after the protest rally, part of the population was emotional, and the police rushed into the blockade, and the police used a high-ranking mass dispersion.
 the establishment of a trade point of trade points (the annex 4) was only established in recent years.
 i think it is the most important thing that is to respect the civil service so that they are sitting in the negotiating table.
 the committee expresses its concern about the changes in the pension system, which is much more likely than impact on men.
 (iii) the office of the force commander is sensitive to the office of the office of the office.
 in fact, it has been decided to reduce the expectations of the world economy and international trade.
 the ministry for social development and the family support division has launched information, national family day, exhibition and similar activities.
 " the exhibition is extremely successful from channels of communication and strategic partnership.
 the international community should stand on the same position, with the same emphasis on a fair and equal attitude of human rights.
 in spite of some obvious difficulties, these positive developments have shown that conflict prevention is a strategy which is being implemented.
 similar provisions in the annex to the joint declaration are also found in article 122 of the basic law.
 he picked me at the leg.
 us$ deposits decreased slightly by 0.6 per cent in december to november.
 the committee would like to know the findings of this incident.
 the ability of women to participate fully in society is clearly dependent upon the economic and social resources and their laws.
 many of the discussions by the general assembly and the committees have clearly reflected the urgent issue of the common concern of mankind.
 it is important to put an end to their despair and pain.
 " we are committed to preserving the success of all hong kong's success, " mr tung said.
 in view of the position of position, the chinese side proposed a reasonable solution in this regard.
 over the period of 20000000000, after all, only us$ 123000000 was used to purchase humanitarian goods.
 the rent indices in the consumer price indices reflect the changes in rent paid by the hong kong tenants.
 the area under the jurisdiction of such an approach would concentrate on the availability of proceeds to the original guarantee.
 he believed that the preparation of the beijing olympic games would be successful successfully hosting the 2008 olympic games.
 pursuant to its multi-year programme, the committee considered the key issues of productive employment in february this year.
 what the measure of economic measurement can be done is to give us a broad assessment of the situation we face.
 in 2000, the workplace for the protection of the workplace in the workplace was also prohibited from eight to 21 weeks.
 there were also significant improvements in paraguay.
 welcome to you.
 in this connection, the financial secretary agreed and indicated that there is a strong development of development, and we look forward to as soon as possible.
 for the public, the importance of the general assembly hall is hypothetical.
 in most countries, the population growth of the population is far higher than the population growth.
 a 45-year-old man at 2 am today (friday) happened at 2 am today (friday) at 2 am today.
 in addition, the national archives office was reported to be looted on 12 may 1994.
 i am honoured to officiate at the opening ceremony of china's space science and technology achievements.
 their discipline and behaviour are stricter their own and acted as the united nations.
 these proposals have been the public's opinion over the years to come from the crowd.
 " both letters are not unduly worried, " the spokesman stressed.
 police appeal to the investigating officers of the investigating officers of the kowloon east kowloon region to contact investigating officers of the kowloon east kowloon east kowloon east kowloon region on 2733 2331.
 in this connection, the advisory committee was informed that the secretariat intends to review the review of the system-wide conference timetable.
 the 74-year-old man, who is good, sounds and his sound, every day for 100 patients.
 this incident took place on the way near the koskativ settlements point.
 in general, the number of unemployed is several times higher.
 the government of a number of industrialized countries has already allowed all the heavily indebted poor countries to start a moratorium on its debt, which also deserves further consideration.
 in this century and this millennium, mankind has seen great achievements in the achievement of the great achievements of human beings.
 mr deputy president, i would like to say a few words on my amendment to my amendment.
 the number of casualties in the armed conflict is the civilian population.
 the 3 phase of the genetic revolution has been called the revolution revolution.
 i understand that the chinese government has promised to consider the accuracy of the basic law of the basic law.
 the violations of these rights may be brought to the competent authorities.
 the united nations is a appropriate forum for dealing with many of the challenges.
 this amount provides for the growing needs of the iraqi people to food and medicine, which is the oil-for-food programme.
 note: the chinese charitable foundation and the chinese temple was established soon after the promulgation of the chinese temple in 1928.
 it is well known that volunteering and recruitment of recruitment are sometimes difficult to differentiate.
 on the first page of your publication, it was written to write a letter of japanese writing.
 at the same time, the inflation rate continued to be high, and it is expected that this year's inflation rate will be nearly 10%.
 just now mr ip said he thought that many of the voters in the legal profession are tired of the sino-british row.
 i agree very much to the amendment to reduce the recommendations of some of the very complicated administrative requirements.
 i do not need to repeat here again here.
 the conference was prepared to put forward the conclusions and recommendations of the 1 session of the cric.
 the management system is a complex project. it will have a profound impact on the united nations personnel, budget and financial services.
 if we still have a joint venture with a friend in hong kong, they can't have a joint venture.
 in line with the relevant measures, customs and excise department, the fire services department, lands department and planning department will carry out the above-mentioned verifications.
 mr. wang yingfan (china) (spoke in chinese): i would like to congratulate you on your assumption of the presidency of the council.
 in addition, the military observers and civilian police are unable to ensure security.
 the objective of the text is to submit a number of political options and rights to the countries concerned with the international wrongful act.
 after receiving the report, police officers mounted investigations and raided three rooms in the hotel at the hotel.
 they must receive sustained professional training, and their registration <unk> authorizations would be considered to be considered for consideration.
 in late february each year, the ed will be invited to attend the uniform allocation process in march of each year.
 the implementation of these technical costs is, however, immense.
 i just said that i was somewhat hesitant with him.
 the contradiction between operative paragraph 3 of operative paragraph 3 is even more obvious.
 the minimum age of obligations will benefit from each society.
 the view was expressed that the draft guide should include the remuneration of the insolvency representative in the draft guide.
 i do not repeat them earlier. i hope members will give them a little loyal employees to the elderly.
 at no other spokesman, the chairman agreed that the debate should be declared after being agreed upon by the group.
 he said: " you are working on your work. "
 i think the upper limit should be kept in the future to take a decision on the situation after the future.
 the sisters were in starvation of hunger and guarding the goats and snowfalls for a day.
 we should continue our efforts to improve the level of service, which is our expectations. "
 they can lay a big step forward in the future.
 the community is now actively in favour of adopting a bill of rights through a bill of rights.
 in my own view, the government is simply " itself ".
 however, when the delegation travelled to new york, it was able to prevent them from entering the united states.
 " otherwise, the pace of economic recovery in south-east asia will considerably slow.
 the delegation of the united kingdom believes that the court should be able to comply with some criteria.
 in order to reduce capital outflow in the short term, i think the government should more actively promote the policy.
 the vienna convention on the law of treaties relates to the multilateral covenants and agreements, including those of human rights treaties.
 myanmar chose democratic path: the government of myanmar is establishing a truly democratic state for a market-oriented economy.
 it was also reported that, on 7 june 2000, rwandan soldiers were allegedly attacked a 7-member, including five children.
 " we will submit a notice of appeal as soon as possible, " he said.
 (b) management of land titles is the responsibility of land titles.
 this makes the poor more vulnerable.
 we also think that hong kong's cultural life will be more and more lively.
 in a number of countries, cross-border transit brings the transfer of negotiable titles to customs regulations, such as smuggling or violation of foreign exchange control.
 more than 95% of the salaries tax and personal income tax will be received in the coming two weeks.
 however, we have to overcome the sadness and carefully consider what japan must do.
 in the sudan, welfare and family bureaus are responsible for the observance of the tenth anniversary.
 he also served as the secretary of the coordination of the administrative committee on coordination of the administrative committee and the chairman of the organization.
 the event is the end of friday, 5 november, by the permanent missions of italy and the department of public information.
 it is equally surprising that the differences in life expectancy at birth (table 3 and chart 5).
 secondly, it is the checks and balances between the executive and the legislature.
 even if the shelling of a few days or not the public transport public transport, most of the streets in the streets have been extinct.
 it may, after all, have been very different.
 next, let us take a look at the iraqi policy of iraq's past policy.
 in addition, members of the committee may have to observe the investigations conducted by the capo.
 i 've got to see that the vice-confidence looks very friendly, and i am very friendly.
 despite good financial results, the structural adjustment programme has not been able to meet the growth rate of growth in gdp.
 yes, a little differentiated.
 if we wish the united nations to play a vital role, we must make the united nations a step-by-step approach.
 the financial secretary mentioned the song of the " under the lion rock ".
 the housing authority will be responsible for carrying out repair works in public housing estates in public housing estates.
 the applause of the applause was the last time my last preside over the legislative council.
 " the number of industrial accidents and accidents in the catering industry showed a downward trend.
 the croatian police are also carrying out regular walks and vehicle patrols in part of their controls.
 mr cheung noted that the meeting was misunderstanding by the education department.
 now the united nations needs more support than ever before.
 before the registration scheme is formally implemented, the administration will carefully consider all the views of the registration scheme.
 president: mr martin lee, you have been soliciting advice, and it is not appropriate for them to ask questions on the question.
 as a matter of fact, the government has recently been " winding ", saying that it would be possible to reduce the civil service pay.
 in the evening, he will fly to the last leg of the visit to north america for the last stop.
 the export of developing countries to the united states increased from 1990 to 28 per cent in 2000.
 the web site is expected to be completed by 2004.
 at its 12 session in september 2001, the tribunal decided to submit this matter to the meeting of the states parties.
 let her husband shout shoes.
 152. in spite of the need to analyse data and numbers, there are fewer elements of the content of the content of the data.
 the report pointed out, however, that although the local market had food and specially owned sale, the purchasing power of the population is extremely limited.
 the advisory committee agrees with this view and recommends that the current level of 23.7 per cent should be retained.
 the achievements of the international community in the fight against terrorism should not be justified for the end.
 the administration has acknowledged that " national security " is dependent on the interests of the sovereign states.
 but the hong kong economy has continued to grow and the surplus of the colonels of many countries will be enlarged.
 in so doing.
 the under-secretary-general has expressed its view that the time limits for the commission were not determined.
 over the years, a large number of documents have proved that due to insufficient water supply, insufficient water supply has been paid.
 the treaty is limited to banning nuclear explosions, but not the quality of nuclear weapons, the quality of nuclear weapons, or new weapons systems.
 they answered that he was unable to receive him at the moment.
 the overall size of the whole could be much greater than its part.
 (b) the electrical power power department (lpg) has been on full day in the period from may 1 this year to cover a total of public holidays.
 people in the green paper to mislead the green paper.
 in 1993, he became a member of china, who became a member of the chartered charterer in 2000.
 the department also issued 25 occupation permits -- seven on hong kong island, two in kowloon and 16 in the new territories.
 priority was given to the need for a long-term strengthening of cooperation in the promotion and infrastructure aspects of the country's promotion and infrastructure.
 the average working hours averaged about 5 hours per week.
 this phase will lead to a single uniform rate of reimbursement for all other equipment and consumption.
 we must have a careful use of international law as the strongest law.
 at present, scientific technology is changing rapidly, and the world is speeding up an unprecedented increase in economic cooperation.
 the topic of chinese and western paintings and the museum of the museum is also beginning to emerge.
 it's not as much as possible.
 i spoke about the response to the crisis in the context of the exploitation of vice exploitation in west africa.
 however, the most fundamental thing is the angolans themselves to achieve peace and national reconciliation.
 china exporters and investors have increased sharply in the activities of the european union.
 there are few signs that sexual drugs existed in fiji.
 the seminar was very tired, but everyone thought that this return has not wasted with no waste of money.
 from brazil's brazilians, fuditent and haux <unk> amp<unk> edin, p. ..
 these women are also discriminated against in the work of different categories of equal remuneration or are subjected to slavery in their mortgages.
 (a) its economy exceeds 50 per cent<unk> (b) whose economy exceeds 50 per cent and (ii) in general.
 today, saint lucia has made a head of state in history.
 in some cases, non-governmental organizations have tried to influence a government.
 this fana phenomenon is the product of a new single-colon system of the new single-polala system.
 recently, there have been some rumors who did not have any passions to come forward and oppose 1988 directly.
 however, as the population has restored life, it will require ongoing resources as long as there is a large number of refugees.
 in the capital, a police bomb attack was attacked by car bombs, killing at least five people and 19 wounded.
 for a few months, the police charged with violations of human rights violations and other irregularities or criminal acts.
 his election highlighted the various advantages of him, his personal qualities and a rich experience in international affairs.
 because the tourism industry is a " people-oriented industry ", the whole industry cannot survive.
 a 10-year-old cm shall be at the yarn and 133 pairs of latitude veil, as well as 133.
 for the word " repeal ".
 at the same time, the department does not have a trained special trained to deal with hawkers.
 in non-ressessory security situations, the debtor should also hold the responsibility for the custodian and maintenance of the asset.
 i am confident that, in particular, the fruits of these arrangements, in particular mutual legal assistance, will make it possible.
 however, in the context of the urgent need for the urgent need, we have not seen any meaningful progress.
 explosions occurred in the vicinity, but the scenes caused by the scenes, but no casualties were caused.
 the council also started to hold a new " mixed " meeting, which is open to open open open meetings to all members of the united nations.
 the democratic republic of the congo stated that all measures have been taken to ensure that all measures have been taken to ensure that in the near future.
 as mentioned above, it is not mentioned in section 8 of the document.
 i accept the secretary for constitutional affairs that some matters are something that is so close to the elections.
 equitable distribution of wealth is equally important.
 the two vacancies still need to be filled, and the meeting was suspended until the afternoon.
 the carpark adjacent to the centre will also be suspended.
 at present, the revenue growth portfolio in the client investment portfolio is still stable, significantly significantly the performance of the company's 500 industrial indicators.
 many people have benefited from a book-to-mouth convenience to facilitate the money.
 in mid-july this year, mr lee also visited japan's illness in the 8 world philoso congress in mid-july.
 the 3 ldcs conference will be held in brussels from 14 to 20 may 2001.
 the project is part of the comprehensive development plan of ma wan island.
 in accordance with that commitment, france will report to the secretariat as soon as possible to the secretariat.
 the chairperson also stressed the need for the secretariat to participate fully, including the preparation of background documents, to participate directly in the conference.
 we are fully aware of the importance of the mandate of the commission on human settlements.
 new york, november 12 <unk> prnewswire-asianet <unk> --
 a small seven-year-old man was satisfied with satisfaction and love for the girlfriend.
 mr cheung was the subject of " safe health " in hong kong.
 if you want your 1 thing, i am going to look for you.
 the new advantage of hong kong's new airport is the state-of-the-art.
 despite the limited number of households experiencing financial difficulties, many small sums can exchange funds.
 as regards the contents of the draft articles, some said that the content of the draft articles had been too complicated and needed to be curtailed.
 this is not only because we want to preserve the rule of law, but also we need to protect hong kong's reputation as an international financial centre.
 the percentage of resources allocated for the biennium 2002-2003 was shown in table 8.1.
 as the secretary-general has said, all countries need to fulfil their generous commitments as soon as possible.
 of course, the author is not opposed to the employment of our university students.
 when he was over 50 years of age, a change of 180 degrees was found in his character.
 the israeli occupying forces also stormed into the village, destroying a houses and burned another.
 those above-mentioned symptoms should be invited to consult the doctors early as early as possible to diverses and governance.
 child prostitution means that child prostitution is intended for compensation or to facilitate the use of children, to acquire or facilitate sexual activity.
 this is not true.
 meanwhile, the value of orders for the metal products industry increased further, rising by 2% in volume.
 it is also important for the long-standing external debt of african countries, which accounted for a third of the export earnings of these countries.
 when a number of debates and years have been considered, we would like to get back to the point.
 the council has 14 panel panels of experts, and its members are specialists working in their personal capacities, rather than states.
 the unit has been provided with more in-depth tactical training.
 advance booklets for the project will be completed in the fall of 2006.
 south-south cooperation should not be seen as the substitute for the north-south cooperation, and should be viewed as a complement to it.
 investigations by special investigation team, traffic, new territories south, are proceeding.
 the network of family relations is collapsed and many changes are taking place in traditional family structures.
 to ensure that the quality of high quality chinese textbooks are available, chinese textbooks have been set up by the authorities.
 another speculation is: " the business of banks is best to do, " as long as the crux of the artillery is sound.
 they are said to have been injured.
 while his delegation appreciated unctad in this field, thematic discussion panellists raise interesting issues and did not provide solutions.
 the united nations military contingent will assist in preventing those who might wish to interfere with the democratization process.
 however, it is necessary to look at trade.
 it was reported, however, that this person had been transferred to the present, and no longer the whereabouts of the whereabouts of the whereabouts.
 in order to avoid the strong interests of political parties, the electioneering activities should be subject to public funding, and electoral campaigns should be controlled and maintained.
 it is expected that completion of the year 2000 will be completed by the working group of the working group on the right to development.
 he never imagined that he had experienced numerous waves in sun guyen.
 the chairman of the small and medium-sized enterprises (smes) held a report to the chief executive in this morning.
 asianet daily summary-press releases distributed for tuesday, november 20, 2001.
 owing to the history of history, the lots of lots of the new territories are subject to the control of collective bargains.
 we welcome them in these areas. "
 if you want to make it clear about " harm you ", you can only tell it.
 prior to may 1998, the indonesian security forces acted as a surprise, no matter what the authorities or local people can be blamed.
 please watch the 5 series of films in the next edition of the issue of exploring new zealand's series of films, and innovative countries.
 the adoption of the new integrated work programme, which was adopted on 18 june 1998, included the relevant provisions of resolution 1171 (1998).
 15. in the course of the test collection system, it was recommended that the scheme would affect the participation of the district and in general.
 a number of programmes on the symposium were broadcast by national television programmes which helped to raise awareness about this issue.
 if a person is not satisfied with the age of 65, equal employment and income exceeds the minimum wage.
 in general, such information would not be disclosed.
 he is deeply committed to integrity and has always been devoted to the law.
 the special rapporteur requested the authorities to be reviewed by the competent authorities on the basis of the provisions of the ordinance.
 " the labour department will seek to find suitable vacancies and to assist them in finding employment. "
 in addition to the recent accession of the world trade organization and the 2008 olympic games, this cooperation has enabled two companies to be prepared to make preparations for their communications.
 recently, a lecturer from the mainland, who comes from the university of hong kong, was attended by scholars in hong kong.
 in general, the existing system has played a checks and balance role.
 he said that if someone was theft, he would be amputated, and it also ensures the safety of several thousand people.
 the kosovo serbs participate in the elections, which demonstrated their importance to the empowerment of provisional self-government.
 markni once was the ruf headquarters.
 retaining the signboards of taipei's dignity, which are now on the door of the new room.
 the official who required not to disclose the name " said: " it is utterly fabricated by arguo and baca.
 born in 1944 in new zealand, kwuttchem, gramste, visited university of canberra university and the australian national university.
 in the traditional market, two chicken operators have been working with each other.
 details of the proposal, in both english and chinese, are now put up at the notices of notices at the site of the project for public inspection.
 because the dpp plays a new democratic progressive party.
 in the manufacturing sector, there is no choice of staffing.
 the claimant provided export credit guarantees for exporters and the contractor.
 with the help of non-governmental organizations, the government has developed a national plan for the implementation of the platform for action.
 the committee is more aware of the accuracy of the estimates.
 according to the health organization act, all persons in estonia have the right to receive medical treatment (art. 5).
 the european union considers the lusaka agreement to be the most viable foundation for conflict resolution.
 the national daily also quoted the world bank's office in bangkok, " nobody knows how much the cost is. "
 in this paper, the festival was published in the " red lenna ", " and the liaoning people publishing publishing publisher.
 madam president, today the secretary-general sun's " cooking people ' dies ".
 in the atmosphere of the dark atmosphere, i might say a few more things.
 the annex contains comments on the statute of the international court of justice in the annex to the above-mentioned statement.
 after the performance, the audience was very enthusiastic, bringing to both the audience and the staff of great encouragement.
 i can quote some examples, some of which have complained that some chronic diseases to the hospital authority have been able to work with them.
 the approved plan is necessary to reflect the latest development proposals to reflect the latest development proposals.
 in fact, i went to chongqing.
 the panel is supporting ensuring that gender is more sensitive to the gender census in 2001.
 she has the highest precious gift to enjoy all civil rights.
 all relevant departments involved are involved in a variety of activities which involve a variety of activities to prevent the victims of the victims.
 with respect to this obligation of states parties, the committee notes that, in some instances, reports were made to the current situation of other countries.
 it is estimated that, in general, more than 100 fighters can be fired at some 15000 small arms ammunition.
 2, reducing the situation.
 we first first include the draft resolution on the interests of the peoples of the peoples of the non-self-governing territories.
 the defendant pleaded guilty to his daughter.
 moreover, current peace-keeping operations have no cash in cash.
 my delegation also thanks very much to the under-secretary-general, mr. erenno and the special representative otunnu, to inform us this morning.
 it has caused financial destabilization to the decline in foreign investment in developing countries.
 a international seminar was held jointly with the government of the czech republic on 24 and 25 june 1998.
 since the transaction only deals with the transfer of banking licences, the total number of banks in hong kong remains unchanged at 177.
 this is mainly attributable to the concept of differences that have been achieved in a number of countries in the past 5 years.
 the new phenomenon of aids has brought sick children and orphans<unk> the increase in the number of conflicts has been suffering and increased their suffering.
 in january this year, mr. sergio vieideo, proposed by mr. sergio vieira de mello, proposed that the effectiveness of the civilian police would be enhanced.
 our assessment is that the conditions in return to sierra leone or liberia are now non-existent.
 this figure is expected to increase in 19 per cent of the african population.
 at the same time, hong kong has become more bad, such as thailand, china, indonesia, korea and india.
 the united states has spent more than 150000 advertisements during the whole life of the consumers.
 in my view, it is essential that the humanitarian situation in the iraqi humanitarian situation is disastrous.
 this is a subject which deserves to play.
 the office urges the department to help the department to help the new political will on the political will of the member states.
 the financial position of the us is fortunate to be better than the united kingdom, so there is absolutely no need to take any risk.
 the last time bin laden's image was in the end of 2004, but his assistant, al-zawahri, has been frequently observed.
 the 4 area is the creation of a national machinery based on the rule of law.
 for this purpose, the bureau set up a " study of the waste reduction programme " (" the working group ") by mr tam kwok-lien.
 the honourable martin lee said that the government did not respond to it. "
 before the performance of the performance, hu nai-yuan gave a simple picture of the browse of the japanese musicians signifying musicians.
 the gross surplus of the industry accounted for 17.2% of the total receipts, which was 1.1 percentage point higher than in 1995.
 in post-conflict cases, children have a dominant position in society, and children need to be taken care.
 the escalation of the civilian forces carried out by the bosnian serb forces has resulted in casualties on a daily basis.
 a spokesman for the department said that during a two-week survey survey successfully completed 50424 visits, the overall response rate was nine.
 the chickens were sent to the market before test and blood testing, " the spokesman said.
 he said the secretariat wished to provide guidance on whether these practices continue to be carried out.
 the demilitarized zone is a site of about 240 kilometres long and extends 10 kilometres into iraq and 5 kilometres into kuwait.
 more than 70 per cent of the children engaged in family service work are girls.
 as a result, there has been a number of measures to ensure that the demand for female prisoners was met.
 consolidation of the regime established by the treaty for the prohibition of nuclear weapons in latin america and the caribbean (treaty of tlatelolco) (p. 91).
 the 1 deputy secretary for taiwan, mr liu ming-chuan, also came to taiwan because the war came to taiwan.
 the central meteorological station is expected to affect south china and south china before the arrival of the cold front.
 the present section recalls the reasons for the right to food in the past.
 at the end of the 19 century, the bull was converted into taiwan by the colons.
 the code of criminal law and criminal procedure has been amended to enrich the national legal system.
 appropriate legal sanctions against any person engaged in weapons would be able to promote compliance with the procedure for the manufacture of a weapon.
 the government and the business sector have initiated a series of events to consolidate the confidence of the international community in hong kong.
 however, the armed forces were too large and the budget of the federal budget cannot be maintained.
 during the dinner, the hong kong ballet team was honored by the hong kong ballet company.
 speaking at the opening ceremony of the campaign, mrs lee said: " all along, hong kong has always been a migrant society.
 on 30 may, a new battle broke out between the troops and the taliban in the north-western part of the abdullah province.
 in the computer system, data in computer systems are very easy, and they also triggered the problems of privacy and other related issues.
 the document will appear in the voluntary return of the asean regional forum members, indicating that there are significant developments in the security situation and their awareness.
 every day, the soldiers said that the goods would be returned to the same day.
 " in the late implementation of the mpf system, the overall burden of society will be hard to do so. "
 the committee was informed that the replacement of the vehicles replaced by the united nations assistance mission for rwanda was not compensable.
 on the contrary, they often viewed people as the enemies of the people, such as the enemy.
 the railway system is an integral part of our transport system.
 according to the provisions of the convention, it was recognized that troop contributors were important partners in peacekeeping operations.
 i think this would be very sorry to my constituents.
 through this election, china has fully ensured that hong kong is an asset class of hong kong.
 it seemed that, despite the author's intention to use this procedure, they did not use it.
 therefore, the essence of the strategy is not to follow up the good way for others, but not to go to new areas, " he said.
 after adjudication, the results will be issued in july.
 the clouds of johnson were the beginning of the 1940s to over half a century.
 however, madam president, the bill which we submitted to this council today is a great question that the bill will be implemented within the transition period.
 the man was arrested on the 3 of this month following the arrival of los angeles from new zealand via los angeles.
 the financial secretary, mr antony leung, presented a briefing with the hong kong economic outlook for 2003.
 economy is also highly dependent on energy resources, particularly natural gas and processing.
 a number of experts expressed the lack of statistics that had not been adequately reflected in the size of the problem.
 therefore, we would like to respond to the needs of different regions and to choose different types of land.
 since the opening of economic reforms in 1978, china had a long-term confusion.
 the bishkek group has been established in the framework of the shanghai forum.
 at the same time, the united nations must also recognize that its fundamental foundations have changed.
 " we will continue to persuade young people to persuade young people to do so.
 some of the results are not included in religious science, social studies, mathematics, mathematics, agriculture and reading.
 this year, this year's total revenue is $ 10505500, representing close to 24% over the last year's last year.
 these provisions should go to the point of view with china.
 non-monetary items carried at historical cost in other currencies are replaced by the united nations operational rate of exchange at the date of the transaction.
 we also believe that the speedy establishment of the international criminal court is a fundamental approach to the promotion of respect for international law and human rights.
 we have also ranked 2 for the second year in hong kong for two consecutive years. "
 after the incident, my understanding of the doctor also expressed strong dissatisfaction with the concerned parties concerned.
 " amendments to the need to reflect the latest land uses to reflect the north-east north-east lantau port.
 this forced bilateral negotiations to stop at the stage.
 to that end, member states have to pay their assessed contributions on time, full and without conditions to pay their legal obligations.
 information kept in the central register of establishments is updated on a quarterly basis. updated information in respect of the 2 quarter of 1999 is now available.
 for more than half a century, human beings live in fear of the ongoing nuclear danger.
 he said that, in order to address these problems, a cabinet was established with the prime minister's cabinet.
 if everything is ready, it is necessary to proceed until the year 2003-01 will be carried out and the longer the time is to be implemented.
 there is no other group of groups.
 the conduct is comparable to the serious breaches of article 3 of the geneva conventions.
 the principal accounting policy of the financial statements shall be given to the financial statements as shown in the financial statements.
 among them, there will be heavy rain in some places in the south of yunnan.
 on behalf of the government and people of the comoros of the comoros who have been killed by the israeli government.
 undp has not yet conducted a comprehensive plan for the undp structure to be trusted by undp.
 the bureau, headed by armanu lenamer, chairman of the two countries of the republic of argentina, mali and ukraine as the vice-chairmen.
 ohchr will promote the right to development in the framework of poverty-related strategies, plans, policy and operational activities.
 the vocational training council (trc) is now organizing an average of about 70 examinations for each week and can accommodate approximately 3000 candidates.
 after the culprit escaped, the culprits entered the room for the sleeping, and he disclosed the incident.
 authorities have declared that today is a national day.
 for example, insecticides, the 3 phase of purchase has been set up, but it was very late to do so.
 " it is important that the peace process should continue, and the possibility of work and employment should be possible.
 printed output has been reduced by 30 per cent.
